the mighty mug apparently makes spilling
your drink completely impossible I've
seen people test this online people call
it a miracle but how far can we push it
this is a very real can of Diet Coke and
I'm about to whack it towards a very
real
$122,000 smartphone made of pure 24
karat gold it works by getting rid of
most of the air underneath the cup to
create a low press environment because
there's then a low press environment
below and a high pressure environment
above it creates a strong downward
pulling force and I mean strong oh my
God but it gets better because there is
an inner portion to this base that when
you lift the cup straight up it lifts up
allowing more air into the base to
equalize the pressure and let the cup
lift up normally but it can't be
invincible so let's test it off the
limit oh no what have I done